[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So now what we're
gonna do is write some tests.
So if you go to blog_spec.js,
everybody's like no tests no,
no it's gonna be fine, its gonna be fine.
>> Scott Moss: So what I want you to
do in here, there's a couple to dos.
I already wrote like one test and
I'm showing you like mock stuff out.
So I'm gonna show you how to
run the tests and what not.
But what I want you to do
is you're gonna go in and
you're gonna write some tests for
the directives, for the controller and
yes you're going to write a test for
the template.
How you do that, I don't know.
But you're going to do it.
Figure it out, get crazy.
It's a string, you have a string with some
with HTML in it, make some assertions.
I know you can do it.
I know you're capable.
So, how to run the test if we go here and
type in npm test, did I set that up?
Yeah I did.
No, what happened here?
Let me do an npm install, okay.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, it looks like
I forgot to install some stuff.
Also of yours doesn't work I'm gonna
have to come sit down with the exam,
I know the latest version of karma breaks
everything so I have to revert back.
No don't do that again.
I guess it is install one more time.
Yeah, so the latest version of
karma breaks everything I found it
out two days ago.
It's took me a while but it will not work
on any of the stuff that were using.
>> Scott Moss: Okay let's see, no.
Where is this,
yeah of course it doesn't work.
That's, yeah it doesn't work and that's
because this is the solution branch.
Yeah you got to fix this stuff, so
how it will look if it did work.
>> Scott Moss: Step-4-fix is this.
>> Scott Moss: So if you run npm test,
you'll see that karma
starts spitting stuff out.
It's sitting there,
it's bundling all the test files,
which in this case I think is just one and
then it ran all the tests.
So I have like six or seven tests in
that file, and it ran it and was like,
here's the results.
But it actually ran it in Chrome,
and I'll show you.
So if I had to run it again,
let me back up.
You'll see Chrome pop up there's Chrome.
That's running our tests in the browser.
Boom, and it's done and it closed Chrome.
All right, kind of scary, right?
But yeah, that's what's happening.
So once you see all green here,
you're good.
So not only do you have to write some
tests, but if you go into karma,
conf.js, that's a solution.
I don't want to show you that.
If you go to karma conf.js, there's some
stuff in there that you have to fix.
Yeah this files kind of scary looking.
Yeah it's a scary looking file I know but
you need to fix this file, and I have.
So the first thing you need
to do is in this files array
to figure out what files
to pass in right here.
So remember,
I said Webpack bundles all your files.
So remember that.
There's also a new file in
the rules application somewhere.
You should look for it.
It's right here, spec.bundled.js.
So if you look there that's
part of the file you need and
then you also need to,
there's a hit right there too.
You also need to hook
up these loaders here.
So we're literally making a new
web pack config just like we did
in webpack config.js but for our tests.
So, think about everything
the test is going to use.
So, lets go look at blog.spec.js.
It's using all this, it's importing blog,
blog directive, template.
It's import everything our app imports.
It's the same loaders.
It needs the styles, it needs everything.
Except there's a small difference and
at webpack config.
>> Scott Moss: I put this in to ignore all
JavaScript files, so we can't use this
config cuz it won't work or
in fact we can't use this test assertion.
So our webpack config.
Inside our karma.js or karma conf.js
is gonna look very similar to this,
except it doesn't exclude spec files.
So that's a little hint.
And then.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah it's
all you have to do in here.
So do that, write yourself some tests and
run in npm tests to test it and
see if they pass and
if you can't get them to pass,
write the code make it pass.